---
shortTitle: "BANE-3086: The Origamist"
title: Origamist
copyright: false
footer: Theme by <a href="https://theme-hope.vuejs.press/" target="_blank">VuePress Theme Hope</a> | MIT Licensed, Copyright © 2019-present Mr.Hope
---

<ContainmentHeader baneid="3086" containment="tower" disruption="aboleth" risk="safe" securityLevel="1" />

**Containment Procedures**: BANE-3087 is to be given access to any origami paper that they desire. Twice per day, a team of four agents are to enter BANE-3087's containment chamber to empty it of any origami creations that are not paper cranes. These agents are to then take these origami contraptions to the Quarry and unfold them no further than five feet from a rock of at least 200 pounds.

**Description**: BANE-3087 is a young girl of apparent age █. BANE-3087 spends most of their day creating origami entities, labelled BANE-3087-A. These origami entities, when unfolded, create folds in a nearby object. The person holding the origami seems to have a limited ability to direct what it folds. Further testing required.

BANE-3087 does not seem to be aware of any anomalous effects related to its origami.

## Level Two Information

BANE-3087 has been in containment for ██ and has not aged in that time. Investigation has found that BANE-3087 can create incredibly complex origami with hundreds of folds. Disposal of these origami creations are incredibly time consuming, thus agents are asked to no longer request these complex creations.

## Level Three Information

Some creations from BANE-3087 have been found to have further anomalous effects beyond the existing folds. After the destruction of Site-██ research on these further anomalous abilities has been restricted to researchers of level 4 or higher.

## Level Four Information

Testing in conjunction with BANE-4812 has revealed that BANE-3087 was an entity from the no longer existing █████ plane. This plane has a law of conservation of folds, which this entity seems to be strong enough to enforce in other planes.

████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████
