---
shortTitle: "BANE-4812: Dimensional Stone"
title: Dimensional Stone
copyright: false
footer: Theme by <a href="https://theme-hope.vuejs.press/" target="_blank">VuePress Theme Hope</a> | MIT Licensed, Copyright © 2019-present Mr.Hope
---

<ContainmentHeader baneid="4812" containment="material" disruption="kobold" risk="caution" securityLevel="1" />

**Containment Procedures**: Access restricted to researchers of Class 2 or above. Access is granted only by Dr. Lumen and is to be logged in the logbook prior to retrieving the stone.

**Description**: BANE-4812 is a stone roughly the size of a human fist that vibrates subtly. When viewing it, it is as though one is looking at it through ill suited lenses, it seems fuzzy and somewhat distorted.

## Level One Information

No bother about the riffraff of our normal warnings, I'll keep a close eye on this one - Dr. L

## Level Two Information

This stone appears to exist in multiple dimensions at once, allowing its wielder to channel their abilities to separate dimensions. Research conducted near dimensional rifts shows a notable increase in local rift instability. I have requested that agents be sent to known large scale rifts to create defensive outposts and research Dr. Bronlies Reality Stabilization Matrices to improve their abilities. This request was vetoed by one of the Board Members. I am adding that to the file for posterity, I am sure it will age well.

## Level Three Information

With the help of agent ██████ █████████████ I was able to create a stable link to a different plane that was able to transfer information and a small amount of both matter and magical energy. With a larger specimen, the things we could do would be incredible!

## Level Four Information

████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████
