---
shortTitle: "BANE-5986: Mitya Abramova"
title: Mitya Abramoba
copyright: false
footer: Theme by <a href="https://theme-hope.vuejs.press/" target="_blank">VuePress Theme Hope</a> | MIT Licensed, Copyright © 2019-present Mr.Hope
---

<ContainmentHeader baneid="5986" containment="safe" disruption="aboleth" risk="caution" securityLevel="2" />

**Containment Procedures**: BANE-5986 is not to be kept indoors and is contained in Section 6 of the summit when not participating in BANE missions. Weekly, BANE-5986 visits with BANE-493. BANE-5986 is NOT to interact with any BANE artifacts unsupervised.

Permitted to send missives to ██████ ████████ weekly. Missives must be screened by another Agent for sensitive information.

**Description**: BANE-5986 is a young dwarven girl that goes by Mitya Abramova appearing to be age ██. She has druidic powers, able to shape-shift into various animals and pests as well as manipulate primal magic from nature itself. BANE-5986 works in the field as part of the ██████ Division and is instrumental in the containment of BANE-493. BANE-5986 appears to be deeply connected to the Fey Wild and, based on testing with Dr. Vigorblood, is suspected to be a ██████ ██████ ███████. Further testing required.

## Level 2 Information

Based on interviews with Agent ████████ ███████, BANE-5986 comes from the Eastern Mountain, a volcano which eventually erupted, causing a diaspora of the dwarves living within it. She states her ███████████ ██████ ████████ has powers similar to hers and has described their powers as the “olde magic”, suggesting Mitya’s magic is a ██████████ trait. BANE-5986 has not given whereabouts about ██████ and is unwilling to. ███ ███ ███ █████████ ███ █████ ████████ ███████████. Her Fey influence appears to come from an Aasimar ancestor that joined with a Dwarf. █████████ ██ ████-████, ██████ ███ ███████ ███ ████ ██ █ ████ █████████ ██████ ██ ███████ ████ ████ █████. She has lost her rhythm with the dwarves due to the bond she has to the Wild Order. BANE-5986 carries a book containing different creatures and monsters during her journeys. This is her Magnum Opus, an article of legacy commonly pursued by Dwarves at her age. She is greatly interested in monsters in particular and does not show much fear or restraint interacting with them, even those with evil tendencies. For this reason and due to events during BANE-5986-A, BANE-5986 requires extra supervision with artifacts as it is unclear if her loyalty would remain steady with BANE; as is the the origin of her calming influence on them. Further testing required.

_Researcher’s note: If only we could convince her to give more information about this ██████ ████████_

She had been traveling alone for her “apprenticeship” years as is common in Dwarven culture when BANE-5986 was found with BANE-493 during BANE-5986-A

## BANE-5986-A

While investigating BANE-5034-2, forward squad Zeta 5 discovered that in surrounding the nearby town █████ ████ children had been going missing in the forest and/or found dead. Some of the children had been returned and spoke of a “little dwarf angel” that saved them. The squad retrieved descriptions of children that had most recently gone missing and searched for them in the surrounding forest. After ██ hours, they children were found being led back to the town by a deer who had a barely stabilized boy on its back. After releasing her wild shape, it was revealed that this deer was in fact BANE-5986. The fauna and flora, while according to BANE-5986 seemed to resist her magic more strongly than other plants, seemed to “move on her command and make passage easier throughout the vegetation”.

BANE-5986 explained she was exploring the vegetation and wildlife of the spire when she encountered BANE-493 attempting to kill a child but distracted him so the child could get away. Since then, BANE-5986 has not been able to shake BANE-493. He would appear at random times to her and continue his vices. BANE-5986 stated BANE-493 seemed to be in considerable pain and had many plants binding him to the network of the forest, but she had refused to free him due to his actions to the children, in fear he would be able to go further after being released and detecting strong magic. However, she provided minor healing to BANE-493 for his more severe lacerations from the vines cutting into him. She said if the agents waited he would likely appear.

After waiting for a further █ hours, BANE-493 appeared nearby, coaxing Zeta 5 to "come a bit closer." With her help, agents managed to further subdue BANE-493 using ████ ██ rather than relying on the web of vines that currently bound him to the forest. After confirming BANE-493 was subdued, agents removed the vines connecting him to the forest. Agents noted that, after cutting the vines free, the nearby area "dulled" in color and emotion. Later research investigation has hypothesized that BANE-493 was a power source for BANE 5034-2 much like the ██████ of BANE-5034-6, with the vines draining his energy. BANE-5986 willingly accompanied the squad back to BANE to assist the transport of BANE-493 and, upon arrival, agreed to stay due to her continued calming effect on BANE-493 and interest in artifacts.
