---
shortTitle: "BANE-5034-6: The Golden Isle Spire"
title: Golden Isle Spire
copyright: false
footer: Theme by <a href="https://theme-hope.vuejs.press/" target="_blank">VuePress Theme Hope</a> | MIT Licensed, Copyright © 2019-present Mr.Hope
---

**Spire Lord**: Mikis, The Undying

**Location**: This Spire is on the Golden Isle.

**Description**: Thus far ██ teams have been sent, with █ team members returning. The region around the spire was found to be increasingly devoid of life the closer to the spire the forward teams got. The land was full of dangerous terrain and traps. The spire itself was a kilometer tall with few outward openings, the highest of which was found on the ██ floor.

Around the spire was a quickly built town populated entirely by skeletons.

# Level One Information

This is not a place of honor. What is here is as dangerous in your time as it was in ours. Within this chamber is a tool of creation with no known limits. It has created and destroyed entire worlds. It can destroy your world as well. It cannot be used for good, it will corrupt and distort any good intention. This is not a place of honor.

# Level Two Information

The lord of this spire was reported to be Mikis (infernal for puller or taker), a powerful magic user with a specialization in material magic. Many of the nearby towns have seen an increase in detected cult activity. █ nearby towns were found completely devoid of life. Mikis is to be treated with extreme caution and should not be engaged by agents with clearance lower than level 3.

For a more thorough examination of the layout of the tower, please see the attached addendum.

# Level Three Information

The █ nearby towns that were devoid of life were found to be full of "skin suits" lying crumpled on the ground across the city. First hand reports from agents say that Mikis's followers seem to have the ability to pull peoples skeletons from their bodies to grow their army.

# Level Four Information

Agent ██████ █████████████ reported a rare Lacuna sighting within the central tower. This could mean that Mikis is working with ███ or ███████. Further investigation required. ███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████
