---
shortTitle: "BANE-5034-4: The Cresten Spire"
title: Cresten Spire
copyright: false
footer: Theme by <a href="https://theme-hope.vuejs.press/" target="_blank">VuePress Theme Hope</a> | MIT Licensed, Copyright © 2019-present Mr.Hope
---

**Spire Lord**: Unknown

**Location**: This Spire is on Cresten, near the Oldest Fort. Thus far ██ teams have been sent, with █ team members returning.

**Description**: The area around the spire has a pitch black storm that is increasing in diameter slower than other spire areas. Reports of screaming and mind altering behaviors were received from forward agents. Extreme caution and psychic protection is recommended for further investigations.

## Initial Investigative Report

The █████████████ squad performed an initial investigation of BANE-5034-4, including the surrounding area and the spire itself. The surrounding area is under constant rainfall and full of anomalous entities. Namely, there is BANE-5034-4-A (henceforth Watchers), BANE-5034-4-B (henceforth Strikers), BANE-5034-4-C (henceforth Hosts). These anomalous entities are more frequent closer to the spire and seem to function as part of a single hive mind.

The clouds emit a black rain that appears to be harmless. Nearby villages continue to function and stay safe by avoiding the outdoors and staying out of the Watchers site. BANE emergency aid and agent support has been sent to these villages to help decrease the spread of the spire.

### BANE-5034-4-A: Watchers

These entities tower over the nearby landscape to function as both the eyes and the ears of these anomalies.

### BANE-5034-4-B: Strikers

Strikers seem to be blind and deaf without the presence of a nearby watcher. These creatures have four arms, two legs, no head, and abnormally long torso and limbs. It is advised to avoid these entities and approach with stealth if you have no other choice.

### BANE-5034-4-C: Hosts

The Host clouds seem to wander the furthest from the spire. They have been seen to function both independently and as part of the larger hive mind. On their own they are slow, scanning the area around the tower. When alerted to an aggressive presence, they defend themselves with psychic attacks and attempt to pull any susceptible minds into the host cloud. It is suspected that most of these clouds that make up the storm surrounding the tower came from a mixture of infernal minds and minds from nearby villages that were pulled in.
