---
shortTitle: "BANE-5034-3: The Moonfall Spire"
title: Moonfall Spire
copyright: false
footer: Theme by <a href="https://theme-hope.vuejs.press/" target="_blank">VuePress Theme Hope</a> | MIT Licensed, Copyright © 2019-present Mr.Hope
---

**Spire Lord**: The Doctor

**Location**: This Spire is in eastern Moonfall.

**Description**: The area around this spire is a swamp, which becomes deeper and more difficult the closer to the spire you get. Within this swamp are creatures that seem to be made of several limbs from different creatures brought together to form a single monstrosity, labelled BANE-5034-3-A codename "Guillotines". Entities of type BANE-5034-3-A seem to be perfectly suited for the swamp like terrain, using their environment to their advantage to ruthlessly maim and kill BANE agents. One constant is that each of these entities have incredibly sharp blades that they wield with perfect precision to amputate limbs, which they keep a hold of.

A second entity, labelled BANE-5034-3-B codename "Krampus", was noted to always be found near groups of BANE-5034-3-A entities. The BANE-5034-3-B entity was of a similar design, made by pieces of many creatures pulled together, but had several hollow cavities within its body that BANE-5034-3-A entities would place severed body parts into.

## Level Two Information

Agent ██████ ██████████ confirmed that several body parts were found in the central spire and were being sewn together to create new entities of types BANE-5034-3-A, BANE-5034-3-B, and other as of yet labelled monstrosities. There was a clear leader, BANE-5034-3-LORD codename "The Scientist", that directed several entities of type BANE-5034-3-C codename "Researcher" to experiment on the limbs that were gathered by entities BANE-5034-3-A and BANE-5034-3-B.

## Level Three Information

The layout of the internal spire roughly aligns with reports from [BANE-5034-6](https://github.com/BastionFennell/BANE/wiki/BANE-5034-6). Each floor has a dedicated purpose. This spire seems better staffed than [BANE-5034-6](https://github.com/BastionFennell/BANE/wiki/BANE-5034-6) was reported to be. Dimensional anomalies were recorded in the area near the spire that align with readings from [BANE-4812](https://github.com/BastionFennell/BANE/wiki/BANE-4812).

Agent ██████ ██████████ reported that the entities around and within BANE-5034-3 did not attempt to immediately kill the forward agents. They were kept alive and had their limbs severed off through repeated encounters. Attempts to trap the agents were made but were unsuccessful.
